Add Best IPFS Gateway, a list of public gateway (#1637)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/concepts/ipfs-gateway.md

- Third-party public gateways, such as `https://cf-ipfs.com`.

Protocol Labs maintains a [list of public gateways](https://ipfs.github.io/public-gateway-checker/) and their status.

> [Web3IMG](https://web3img.com) maintains a [list of public gateways](https://bestipfs.net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[Web3IMG](https://web3img.com) also maintains an unofficial [list of public gateways](https://bestipfs.net). Please do your research before using any third-party gateways or websites.
```
